dev, v3.0, media: add v3.0 vs v2.1 sysbench benchmark results (#1279)
pingcap/docs: dev/benchmark/sysbench-v4.md

    --db-driver=mysql \
    --mysql-db=sbtest \
    --mysql-host=$tidb_host \
    --mysql-port=$tidb_port \
    --mysql-user=root \
    run --tables=16 --table-size=10000000
```

### TiDB version information

### v3.0.0

| Component  |                 GitHash                |
| :--- | :-------------------------------------- |
| TiDB  | `8efbe62313e2c1c42fd76d35c6f020087eef22c2` |
| TiKV  | `a467f410d235fa9c5b3c355e3b620f81d3ac0e0c` |
|  PD   | `70aaa5eee830e21068f1ba2d4c9bae59153e5ca3` |

### v2.1.13

| Component  |                 GitHash                  |
| :--- | :-------------------------------------- |
| TiDB  | `6b5b1a6802f9b8f5a22d8aab24ac80729331e1bc` |
| TiKV  | `b3cf3c8d642534ea6fa93d475a46da285cc6acbf` |
|  PD   | `886362ebfb26ef0834935afc57bcee8a39c88e54` |

### TiDB parameter configuration

Enable the prepared plan cache in both TiDB v2.1 and v3.0 (`point select` and `read write` are not enabled in v2.1 for optimization reasons):

```toml
[prepared-plan-cache]
enabled = true
```

Then configure global variables:

```sql
set global tidb_hashagg_final_concurrency=1;
set global tidb_hashagg_partial_concurrency=1;
set global tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry=0;
```

> In addition, the following configuration is set in v3.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, make the following configuration in v3.0:
```

```toml
[tikv-client]
max-batch-wait-time = 2000000
```

### TiKV parameter configuration

Configure the global variable in both TiDB v2.1 and v3.0:

```toml
log-level = "error"
[readpool.storage]
normal-concurrency = 10
[server]
grpc-concurrency = 6
[rocksdb.defaultcf]
block-cache-size = "14GB"
[rocksdb.writecf]
block-cache-size = "8GB"
[rocksdb.lockcf]
block-cache-size = "1GB"
```

> In addition, the following configuration is made in v3.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, make the following configuration in v3.0:
```
